>> Stephen: LADIES AND
GENTLEMEN, WELCOME BACK TO THE
SHOW.
FOLKS, I GREATLY ADMIRE THE WORK
OF OUR FIRST GUEST TONIGHT.
HE HOSTS "THE DAILY SHOW" EVERY
NIGHT ON COMEDY CENTRAL.
PLEASE WELCOME TREVOR NOAH!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK
YOU, THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THANK YOU.
>> Stephen: GOOD TO SEE YOU.
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
I JUST WANT TO SAY SINCE THE
LAST TIME I HAD YOU ON HERE,
LAST SEPTEMBER OR SOMETHING.
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
>> Stephen: YOU HAVE WRITTEN
AND RELEASED A BOOK CALLED "BORN
A CRIME."
>> I DID, INDEED.
>> Stephen: ALL RIGHT, I'M
ANGRY THAT YOU HAVE TIME TO DO
THAT.
( LAUGHTER )
OR THE ENERGY, REALLY.
BECAUSE I JUST GO HOME AT NIGHT
AND THEY PUT ME IN AMNIOTIC
FLUID SO I'M READY FOR THE SHOW
THE NEXT NIGHT.
>> YOU HAVE AN HOUR SHOW, AND I
HAVE A HALF HOUR SO.
YOU ALSO HAVE A FAMILY.
I'M ALONE.
( LAUGHTER )
>> Stephen: THAT'S TRUE.
THAT'S TRUE.
YEAH.
BUT YOU TRAVEL ALL OVER THE
WORLD.
YOU'VE GOT TO BE EXHAUSTED ON A
CERTAIN LEVEL.
>> YOU KNOW WHAT, I FIND I GET
MY ENERGY FROM DOING THE THINGS
I LOVE.
IT'S ACTUALLY SOMETHING I
LEARNED FROM YOU.
I DON'T KNOW IF YOU REMEMBER
SAYING THIS.
WHEN CREATING THE SHOW, STEPHEN
COLBERT SAID-- LIKE HE'S NOT
HERE-- HE SAID, "THE JOY OF THE
SHOW IS NOT OFTENTIMES IN
PERFORMING IT.
THE JOY IS DERIVED FROM CREATING
IT, AND WHAT YOU'RE WATCHING IS
A MANIFESTATION OF THAT JOY."
>> Stephen: YOU SHOW THE
AUDIENCE WHAT WE ALL TO DO
TOGETHER.
>> IF YOU DO WHAT YOU LOVE-- AND
I KNOW IT'S HARD IN THIS WORLD--
IF YOU DO THE THING YOU LOVE YOU
DON'T GET TIRED.
YOU GET TIRED BECAUSE OF THE
CHALLENGE.
BUT YOU DON'T GET MENTALLY AND
EMOTIONALLY CHALLENGED.
MAN, THAT WAS A NICE DAY.
IMAGINE DOING SOMETHING YOU LOVE
UNTIL YOU GOT TIRED.
THAT SOUNDED WRONG, BUT YOU KNOW
WHAT I'M SAYING.
( LAUGHTER ).
>> Stephen: IT SOUNDED VERY
RIGHT TO ME.
OF COURSE, THERE ARE DAYS LIKE
TODAY, WHEN SHOWS LIKE MINE AND
SHOWS LIKE YOURS, WE TALK ABOUT
WHAT HAS HAPPENED IN THE DAY,
AND TODAY THERE WAS ANOTHER--
THERE WAS ANOTHER HORRIFIC
SHOOTING IN AMERICA, THIS TIME
TARGETING, APPARENTLY, G.O.P.
MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
>> RIGHT.
>> Stephen: DO YOU HAVE ANY
THOUGHTS ON WHAT HAPPENED TODAY?
>> I THINK WHAT YOU SAID,
SIMILAR TO WHAT I HAD AS AN
INITIAL THOUGHT-- ESPECIALLY
BECAUSE WE WATCH THE NEWS SO
MUCH-- AND THAT WAS IT WAS GREAT
TO SEE PEOPLE FROM BOTH SIDES
SEEING THIS AND UNITING UNDER
THE BANNER OF "HUMAN" AND
"AMERICAN" BEFORE ANYTHING ELSE.
THAT'S ONE OF THE THINGS THAT
WE'RE SEEING LESS AND LESS OF IN
SOCIETY TODAY, IT FEELS LIKE.
IT'S ALMOST SOMETHING-- I WAS
TALKING TO SENATOR AL FRANKEN,
AND I WAS SAYING TO HIM, LIKE--
A LOT OF PEOPLE DIDN'T KNOW HE
WAS FRIENDS WITH JEFF SESSIONS
BEFORE THE WHOLE, YOU KNOW,
TESTIMONY.
AND I THINK THAT'S SOMETHING
THAT'S LACKING IN AMERICAN
POLITICS IS POLITICIANS SHOWING
FROM BOTH SIDES OF THE AISLE
THAT THEY ARE FRIENDS.
IT'S ALMOST BECOME LIKE
WRESTLING, WHERE THE FANS DON'T
REALIZE THAT THOSE PEOPLE GET
ALONG.
( APPLAUSE )
THOSE PEOPLE FIGHT EVERY SINGLE
DAY, BUT, LIKE PAULRIAN SAID
TODAY, LIKE NANCY PELOSI SAID,
WE FIGHT TOOTH AND NAIL, BUT WE
DON'T FORGET THAT WE ARE PEOPLE.
WE ARE FRIENDS, WE ARE FAMILIES,
WE ARE COLLEAGUES.
AND I FEEL LIKE THEY COULD DO A
BETTER JOB OF SAYING THAT TO
AMERICANS, "HEY, WE FIGHT.
YOU CAN FIGHT.
BUT DON'T FORGET AT YOUR CORE,
YOU ARE AMERICANS.
DON'T EVER FORGET THAT."
( APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: WELL, THAT'S
ABSOLUTELY-- THAT'S ABSOLUTELY
RIGHT.
BUT THAT ALSO REMINDS ME THAT--
HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN IN THE
UNITED STATES?
HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN LIVING
HERE FULL TIME NOW?
>> THIS IS MY SECOND TIME LIVING
HERE.
I LEFT JUST TO PRACTICE LEAVING
BEFORE DONALD TRUMP SAID SO.
( LAUGHTER )
SO I LIVED ON THE WEST COAST FOR
TWO YEARS.
AND THEN I LEFT THE UNITED
STATES AND WENT TO WORK IN THE
WORLD, AND THEN I'VE BEEN LIVING
HERE I GUESS IT'S CLOSE TO THREE
YEARS.
>> Stephen: FIVE YEARS ALL
TOGETHER.
ARE YOU AN AMERICAN CITIZEN YET?
>> NO, NO, NO, NOT ALLOWED TO
BE.
>> Stephen: NOT ALLOWED TO BE.
>> NOT YET.
>> Stephen: ARE WE PLAYING
HARD TO GET.
>> NO IT'S TIME.
I GET IT.
WITH AN IMMIGRANT THEY'RE LIKE
WE WANT TO SEE WHERE THIS IS
GOING AND FIGURE OUT ARE YOU
REALLY INTO US?
LET'S GO SLOW.
AND I GET IT.
>> Stephen: I GUESS THAT'S THE
QUESTION.
ARE YOU REALLY INTO US, TREVOR
NOAH, AFTER THREE YEARS HERE AND
EVERY NIGHT TALKING ABOUT WHAT'S
GOING ON IN AMERICA, DO YOU
STILL FIND US ATTRACTIVE?
>> I'M HERE AND I'M LOVING IT.
I'M A CITIZEN OF THE WORLD, AND
I'VE ALWAYS LOVED THE UNITED
STATES.
>> Stephen: YOU CAN'T ACTUALLY
BE A CITIZEN OF THE WORLD.
THE WORLD DOES NOT ISSUE A
PASSPORT.
>> SURPRISINGLY IT DOES.
THERE IS A WORLD PASSPORT.
IT DOESN'T GET YOU ANYWHERE, BUT
>> Stephen: IT GETS YOU TO A
PHISH CONCERT.
TIE-DYE.
>> MY DREAM WAS TO LIVE IN THE
U.S. MOSTLY BECAUSE THIS IS THE
HOME OF STAND-UP.
AND I LIVE THAT DREAM EVERY DAY.
AND I'M BLESSED.
WHEN PEOPLE GO WHICH COUNTRY DO
YOU LIVE IN?
I GO, "I LIVE IN NEW YORK.
IT'S NOT A COUNTRY, IT'S A
PLACE."
IF YOU KNOW NEW YORK, YOU KNOW
WHAT I'M TALK ABOUT.
IT'S A WORLD UNTO ITSELF.
>> Stephen: EVERY LANGUAGE
SPOKEN HERE, EVERY RELIGION
PRACTICED HERE.
>> I DON'T TAKE THAT FOR
GRANTED.
I WAIT TO SEE-- LET'S FUT THIS
WAY-- IF AMERICA IS AROUND WHEN
I CAN BECOME A CITIZEN, THEN
MAYBE WE'LL SEE IF I JOIN IN.
>> Stephen: I HOPE SO.
>> WE DON'T KNOW.
WE DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE I'LL BE INVITING YOU TO
SOUTH AFRICA.
YOU NEVER KNOW.
>> Stephen: ANOTHER I'VE BEEN
TO SOUTH AFRICA, NOT TO THE
CITIES BUT I'VE DONE LIKE, YOU
KNOW, THE UNITED STATES, YOU
KNOW, WESTERN MAN THING.
I'VE GONE AND DONE THE SAFARI--
>> THAT IS THE SPHAEPS THAT IS
THE CITIES.
( LAUGHTER ).
>> Stephen: YOU OUGHT TO GET
SOME OF THOSE LIONS OUT OF YOUR
CITIES, THEN.
DOES SOUTH AFRICA HAVE ANYONE OR
HAVE THEY EVER HAD ANYBODY LIKE
OUR PRESIDENT?
BECAUSE--
>> WOW.
>> Stephen: WE'VE-- WE'VE
NEVER HAD A DONALD TRUMP BEFORE,
SO WE DON'T KNOW ENTIRELY WHAT
TO DO WITH HIM.
( LAUGHTER )
HE SEEMS TO BREAK A MOLD.
HE BREAKS A LOT OF NORMS FOR US.
>> YES, HE DOES.
>> Stephen: HAS SOUTH AFRICA
HAD ONE JUDGE IT'S TOUGH.
DONALD TRUMP IS SO DIFFERENT
THEY DON'T KNOW THAT I CAN
DEFINITIVELY SAY WE'VE HAD OR
NOT HAD A DONALD TRUMP.
HE REMINDS ME OF AFRICAN
DICTATORS BUT I DON'T KNOW FOR
CERTAIN --
>> Stephen: IN WHAT WAY?
>> I MEAN, I'VE SAID MANY TIMES
LIKE, YOU KNOW, HE LOVES
HIMSELF.
HE BELIEVES THAT ONLY HE CAN FIX
THE PROBLEMS.
HE SPEAKS IN THE THIRD PERSON.
HE-- I MEAN, HE'S THE FIRST
AFRICAN DICTATOR TO USE TWITTER,
WHICH IS THE MILLENNIAL COMING
OUT.
BUT HAVE WE HAD-- LET ME FUT
THIS WAY: I DON'T KNOW FOR
CERTAIN.
I WILL SAY THIS, THIS IS MY
PRESIDENT.
MY PRESIDENT IS CURRENTLY
EMBROILED IN A SCANDAL WHERE HIS
FAMILY HAS BEEN USING THEIR TIES
TO THE PRESIDENCY TO MAKE MONEY.
SO I DON'T KNOW IF THAT RINGS A
BELL...
( LAUGHTER )
LET ME SEE WHAT ELSE?
WHAT ELSE?
UHM... HE HAD A FEW ISSUES
BEFORE HE BECAME PRESIDENT WITH
SEXUAL HARASSMENT AND-- NO,
OKAY.
LET ME THINK.
( LAUGHTER )
HE'S FRIENDS WITH VLADIMIR
PUTIN.
THAT'S DIFFERENT-- NO, NO.
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU TELL ME, STEPHEN.
>> Stephen: I'LL TRADE YOU.
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
JUST TO TRY.
>> WE SHOULD DO THAT, RIGHT?
>> Stephen: LIKE SWAPPING.
>> WE SHOULD DO A PRESIDENT
SWAP.
I WILL SAY THIS-- NOW, IMAGINE
DONALD TRUMP AND IF HE WAS
BLACK.
HMM?
>> Stephen: HE'S--
>> HE'S A MAN OF COLOR?
IS THAT WHAT YOU WERE GOING TO
SAY?
>> Stephen: YES.
>> YOU CAN SAY IT.
>> Stephen: I WASN'T SURE.
YOU CAN SAY IT BEFORE I CAN, MY
FRIEND.
"THE DAILY SHOW" IS DOING
SOMETHING INTERESTING THIS
WEEKEND-- YOU DO SOMETHING
INTERESTING EVERY DAY-- BUT
YOU'RE ACTUALLY DOING SOMETHING
ON THE WEEKEND.
EXPLAIN TO THE GOOD PEOPLE HERE
IN MANHATTAN.
>> HERE'S THE THING.
A LOT OF PEOPLE GO AS "THE DAILY
SHOW" YOU HATE ON DONALD TRUMP,
AND I DON'T BELIEVE THAT WE DO,
BUT I DID FEEL THERE WAS
SOMETHING WE COULD DO FOR THE
PRESIDENT IN AND AROUND HIS
BIRTHDAY.
THERE HAS BEEN A CONCERTED
EFFORT BY PEOPLE, ESPECIALLY
WITH THE ADMINISTRATION, TO
SILENCE THE PRESIDENT'S SWEETS
TWOOETS.
WE KNOW ABOUT THIS, KELLYANNE
COB WAY, THEY GO, OTHER IGNORE
THE TWEETS.
I DON'T THINK THAT'S COOL.
SAY WHAT YOU WANT ABOUT HIS
PRESIDENTING.
HE'S THE KING OF TWITTER.
HE ROCKS IT.
YOU CAN'T HATE ON DONALD TRUMP
WHEN IT COMES TO TWITTER SO WE
DECIDED TO HAVE A TWITTER
PRESIDENTIAL LIBRARY THAT HONORS
DONALD J. TRUMP'S TWEETS.
I KNOW, NORMALLY--
( APPLAUSE )
YEAH, THANK YOU, THANK YOU VERY
MUCH.
YOU KNOW, NORMALLY, I KNOW IN
AMERICA, YOU HAVE THE
PRESIDENTIAL LIBRARY WHEN THE
PERSON LEAVES OFFICE.
WE DON'T KNOW WHEN THAT WILL BE.
>> Stephen: OR EVER.
>> YOU DON'T KNOW.
SO APPRECIATE PERSON WHILE
THEY'RE STILL AROUND.
>> Stephen: WHERE IS IT?
HOW CAN I SEE IT?
>> IT'S ACTUALLY A BLOCK AWAY
FROM TRUMP TOWER.
IT'S GOING TO BE ON 3 WEST
57th STREET.
SO HE CAN, LIKE, JUST POP OUT,
AND THEN-- YEAH, JUST LIKE YOU
KNOW...
>> Stephen: ARE THERE ANY
DISPLAYS?
>> IT WILL BE EVERYTHING.
THE TWITTER LIBRARY WILL GIVE
YOU CONTEXT, WHAT THE TWEETS ARE
ABOUT, THE STORY.
HE'S AN AMAZING MAN WHEN IT
COMES FOR TWITTER.
IF HE WAS RUNNING FOR TWITTER
PRESIDENT, I WOULD SAY EVERYONE
SHOULD VOTE FOR HIM, EVERYONE.
>> Stephen: ARE THEY ORGANIZED
BY SUBJECT?
ARE THEY ORGANIZED BY HASHTAGS?
>> AS MUCH AS WE COULD.
THE ONLY SUBJECT THAT'S
CONSISTENT IS "SAD."
THAT'S THE ONLY THING.
>> Stephen: THERE IS THE "SAD
HALL OF FAME."
>> THAT'S ABOUT IT.
( APPLAUSE ).
>> Stephen: YOU SAID YOU-- YOU
KNOW, YOU CAME, YOU LOVE NEW
YORK BECAUSE NEW YORK IS THE
HOME OF STAND-UP.
YOU STILL DO STAND-UPS ON THE
WEEKEND
>>.
>> NOT JUST IN THE UNITED
STATES.
BUT AROUND THE WORLD.
YOU FLY.
HOW DO YOU FIND THE TIME AND HOW
DO YOU HAVE ANY JOKES LEFT.
>> I FIND THE JOKES FROM
STAND-UP AND BRING THEM TO "THE
DAILY SHOW."
IF I TALK ABOUT NASHVILLE OR
MAKE A JOKE ABOUT EL PASO,
TEXAS, OR SAY SOMETHING ABOUT
EERIE, PENNSYLVANIA, I LIKE TON
I WAS THERE.
I'VE BEEN TO 45 STATES NOW.
I'VE BEEN TO HUNDREDS OF U.S.
CITIES.
I SAW MAR-A-LAGO IN PERSON
BECAUSE OF STAND-UP.
I NEVER WOULD HAVE GONE TO PALM
BEACH.
THEY WOULDN'T LET ME IN, BUT I
WENT TO MAR-A-LAGO.
>> Stephen: I HEARD IT WAS
VERY NICE.
>> I SAID CAN I COME IN.
AND HE WAS VERY SWEET BUT HE
SAID, "IT'S FOR MEMBERS ONLY."
AND I SAID, "I'M THE HOST--" AND
HE SAID, " WE KNOW WHO YOU ARE.
LIKE SECURITY KNOWS WHO YOU ARE.
>> Stephen: HAVE A GOOD SHOW
TONIGHT.
NICE TO SEE YOU.
>> THANK YOU AGAIN FOR HAVING
ME.
>> Stephen: HIS BOOK, "BORN A
CRIME," IS AVAILABLE NOW.
TREVOR NOAH, EVERYBODY!
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK WITH ILANA
GLAZER.